hey guys it's Emma little kiss so we're
in that weird place right now because
we're in my room that's in my little
studio area but I am actually going to
Orlando so I was like I'm gonna vlog it
because that would be a fun video so I
got the vlog team here going to a place
right where we're going I just said
we're going to Orlando oh my gosh
the excitement is he always this weird
yes this is nothing unusual interesting
well anyway hopefully we'll be watching
some fireworks for 4th of July and stuff
so yeah we are also stopping at the post
office on the way there so maybe we'll
be checking the tool box and if there's
something in there then we'll open it or
knurl and oh and it'll be in a vlog so
exciting anything like a fashion what
can I check the mail please um Kyle I
don't know if I trust you to do that
no please I promise I'll be ok just hand
over the key maybe it'll teach them some
independence we should do it please fine
I'll go get it
yes oh it's finally come doing something
alone with some babysitter watching me
oh yes alright here it is
the keychain they're so big you know
it's full like keys
maybe this was a bad idea
guys guys help I'm a little stuck point
proven
anyway we'll see you guys at the post
office huh for good luck in hopes that
something will be there I am going to
wear this bracelet which someone sent me
I believe it was Michaela so yes I love
it - thanks
hey guys so we have made it to the hotel
look at the view
oh my gosh of you oh my gosh guys I'm so
excited why are you excited for the
fireworks duh
happy 3rd of July Kyle the holidays 4th
of July
what it's not did they change it nope
it's always been the fourth no that
means we're not getting fireworks until
tomorrow ok then oh my gosh guys
there's people but I'm bigger than them
fee fie foe fum ok so it is the next day
oh my gosh 4th of July yes ok who woke
Kyle up early wait you guys didn't draw
a mustache on my face right I better go
check ok so there are some fireworks but
they're really really far away guys I'm
sad I thought we'd get hit with a
firework like at least through the
window or something there's some people
in the pool though
we're back I'm so sad
the fireworks were amazing sorry you
guys couldn't really see anything I just
I didn't I couldn't belong everything so
just gonna vlog the hotel and stuff so
yeah also is that the end of the vlog
yes Kyle it's the end oh my gosh eh
alright bye guys I'm finishing the vlog
today because I'm really good at logging
so yeah that's it for this vlog I hope
you enjoyed
you